Chemical Control:

Apply any one of the following chemicals;if the disease is not controlled, please follow up with other chemicals from the list below based on 
the specific duration of the previously applied chemical.

	Suggested Chemical:
	Mancozeb 75% WP 600 g/Acre
	How to apply:
		Spray uniformly on the plant.

		Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute 			separately with a small amount of water to create slurry without lumps in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and add the 		        remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid 		blockages in nozzles and filters. The spray volume of solution may vary depending on crop growth stage and spacing. Repeat the spray 			2-3 times at 10-15 days of intervals depending upon severity.
	Azoxystrobin 11% + Tebuconazole 18.3% SC (300ml/Acre)
		Spray uniformly on the plant.

		Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Shake the chemical container properly before use. 			Take the required amount of chemical and dilute separately with few liters of water in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and 		add remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank. The 		spray volume of solution may vary depending on crop growth stage and spacing.
		

Biological Control:

Apply any one of the following bioagents in the early morning or evening for better results. If the disease is not controlled,
please follow up with alternative bioagents (formulations) mentioned in the list below.
Do not mix the bioagent and chemicals, give minimum weekdays gap before or after the application of bioagent.
	
	Bacillus subtilis (L)(1 Kg/Acre)
	How to apply:
		Spray uniformly on the plant. Dilute the recommended dosage of bioagent with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required 			amount of bioagent and dilute separately with a small amount of water to make slurry without lumps in a bucket and pour it into a 		spray tank through filter and add remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Always filter while adding the content into 		spray tank. Avoid mixing alkaline water or chemical for mixing. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages in 			nozzles and filters. Repeat the spray 2-3 times at 7-10 days of intervals depending upon severity. Prepare a fresh batch for each 		spray. The spray volume of solution may vary depending on crop growth stage and spacing.
	Trichoderma harzianum (P)(1 Kg/Acre)
	how to apply:
		Drench the soil near the root zone a minimum of 50 ml/plant uniformly. Prepare a solution by mixing 1kg of bioagent with 200 			liters of water. Repeat the spray 2-3 times at 10-15 days of intervals depending upon severity. Prepare a fresh batch for each 			application. The drenching volume of the solution may vary depending on crop growth stage, spacing, and drenching method.

Cultural Control(Organic Fertiliser):

-------->Remove all the diseased plant parts and destroy.
-------->Maintain the proper plant spacing for good aeration.
-------->Avoid prolonged moisture in the field.
-------->Grow disease-resistant /tolerant varieties.
-------->Rotate crops with non_host,such as legume crops for 2 years.
-------->To reduce soil -borne pathogens,do deep ploughing hot summer day.


