Chemical Control:

Apply any one of the following chemicals; if the disease is not controlled, please follow up with other chemicals from the list
below based on the specific duration of the previously applied chemical.

Suggested Chemical:
	Azoxystrobin 8.3% + Mancozeb 66.7% WG 600g/Acre
	how to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant.

	Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute separately 		with few liters of water in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and add remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing 	 alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages in nozzles and filters. The spray volume of solution may vary 	     depending on crop growth stage and spacing.
	Do not tank-mix with EC formulation.

	Tebuconazole 50%+Trifloxtstrobin 25% WG 140 g/Acre
	how to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant.

	Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute separately 		with few liters of water in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and add remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing 		alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages in nozzles and filters. The spray volume of solution may vary 		depending on crop growth stage and spacing.
	Do not tank-mix with EC formulation.
	
Biological Control:

Currently, no effective biological control measures available for this disease.

Cultural Control(Organic Fertiliser):

----->Remove infected plants and destroy them. Avoid excess nitrogen application. Maintain a weed free field, bunds,irrigation channel and 	    surroundings.
----->Maintain the proper plant spacing for good aeration.
----->Avoid water stagnation and maintain proper drainage
----->avoid excess nitrogen application.
----->maintain a weed free field,bunds,irrigation channel and surroundings.
----->To reduce soil-borne pathogens,do deep ploughing during hot summer day.

