Chemical Control:

Apply any one of the following chemicals; if the disease is not controlled, please follow up with other chemicals from the list
below based on the specific duration of the previously applied chemical.


	Suggested chemical: 
	--------->Streptomycin Sulphate 9% +Tetracycline Hydrochloride 1% SP (20 g/Acre)
	How to apply:
		Spray uniformly on the plant.

		Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute 			separately with few liters of water in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and add remaining amount of water with continuous 			stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank. The spray volume of solution may vary depending on 		crop growth stage and spacing.
	--------->Copper Hydroxide 77% WP 400g/ Acre
	How to apply:
		Spray uniformly on the plant.

		Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute 			separately with a small amount of water to create slurry without lumps in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank and add remaining 		amount of water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages 		in nozzles and filters. The spray volume of solution may vary depending on crop growth stage and spacing. Repeat the spray 2-3 			times at 10-15 days of intervals depending upon severity.

Biological Control:

Apply following bioagent in the early morning or evening for better results. If the disease is not controlled, please schedule follow-up sprays with the same bioagents
if required with specific intervals.

	Bacillus subtilis (L) 1 Kg/ Acre
	how to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant. Dilute the recommended dosage of bioagent with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of 	    bioagent and dilute separately with a small amount of water to make slurry without lumps in a bucket and pour it into a spray tank through 	filter and add remaining amount of water with continuous stirring. Always filter while adding the content into spray tank. Avoid mixing 		alkaline water or chemical for mixing. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages in nozzles and filters. Repeat the spray 	2-3 times at 7-10 days of intervals depending upon severity. Prepare a fresh batch for each spray. The spray volume of solution may vary 		depending on crop growth stage and spacing.


Cultural Control(Organic Fertiliser):

Maintain a weed free field, bunds,irrigation channel and surroundings.
Do not allow irrigated water to flow from an infected to healthy field.
Avoid water stagnation and maintain proper drainage.Remove all the diseased plant parts and bury them into the soil.
Sterilize the tools and equipments with alcohol that are used for pruning.
