Chemical Control:

Apply any one of the following chemicals; if the pest is not controlled, please follow up with other chemicals from the list below based 
on the specific duration of the previously applied chemical.

	Suggested chemical:
		Fenazaquin 10% EC 500 ml/Acre
	How to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant.

	Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Shake the chemical container properly before use. Take the 		required amount of chemical and dilute with few liters of water in a bucket and then pour into a spray tank and add remaining amount of 	  		water with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank. The spray volume of solution may vary 		depending on crop growth stage and spacing.
	Diafenthiuron 50% WP 240 g/ Acre
	How to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant.

	Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Take the required amount of chemical and dilute with a small 	amount of water to create slurry without lumps in a bucket and then pour into a spray tank and add remaining amount of water with 	  	  continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank to avoid blockages in nozzles and filters. The    	 spray volume of solution may vary depending on crop growth stage and spacing. Repeat the spray 2-3 times at 10-15 days of intervals    		depending upon severity.

Biological Control:

Apply following bioagent in the early morning or evening for better results. If the pest is not controlled, please schedule.
	Azadirachtin 0.3% EC 600 ml/Acre
	How to apply:
	Spray uniformly on the plant.

	Dilute the recommended dosage of chemical with 200 liters of water per acre. Shake the chemical container properly before use. Take the 		required amount of chemical and dilute separately with few liters of water in a bucket, pour it into a spray tank, and add remaining water 	with continuous stirring. Avoid mixing alkaline water. Do constant agitation in the spray tank. The spray volume of solution may vary 		depending on crop growth stage and spacing.


Cultural Control(Organic Fertilser):

------->Remove all the crop debris and always maintains the field weed-free.
------->Provide jet water spray on plants, make plants wet so that mites will not survive in wet conditions.
------->provide timely irrigation.
------->Collect and destroy infected crop material
------->Apply a recommended dose of fertilizers.
------->Do deep ploughing during hot summer days before sowing and expose the egg larvae or pupae to the sunlight.
